linux script to check if a service is running and start it, if it’s stopped
https://www.akamaras.com/linux/linux-script-to-check-if-a-service-is-running-and-start-it-if-its-stopped/index.html

Bash Scripting – Write Output of Bash Command into Log File
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/bash-scripting-write-output-of-bash-command-into-log-file/

Basic logging commands for Linux shell scripts 
https://gist.github.com/goodmami/6556701

Exit a Bash Script: Exit 0 and Exit 1 Explained
https://codefather.tech/blog/exit-bash-script/

How to Log Shell Script Output to File
https://fedingo.com/how-to-log-shell-script-output-to-file/

Use journalctl to View Your System's Logs
https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/how-to-use-journalctl/#monitor-new-log-messages

Using journalctl
https://www.loggly.com/ultimate-guide/using-journalctl/

How to View and Manage Systemd Logs with Journalctl
https://betterstack.com/community/guides/logging/how-to-control-journald-with-journalctl/

How to view status of a service on Linux using systemctl
https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/systemd-systemctl-view-status-of-a-service-on-linux/

10 handy systemd commands: A reference
https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/systemd-commands

Check if process does or does not exist
https://askubuntu.com/questions/1407597/check-if-process-does-or-does-not-exist

Creating a Cronjob to Run a Script Periodically
https://acloudguru.com/hands-on-labs/creating-a-cronjob-to-run-a-script-periodically?utm_campaign=11244863417&utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_content=469352928666&utm_term=_&adgroupid=115625160932&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIh-rg78j0-wIVl82GCh2t-wQkEAAYASAAEgIWrPD_BwE

How to Create a crontab Through a Script
https://www.baeldung.com/linux/create-crontab-script

Bash script to automatically start a services when it goes down on Linux
https://www.2daygeek.com/linux-bash-script-auto-restart-services-when-down/

How To Use Systemctl to Manage Systemd Services and Units
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-systemctl-to-manage-systemd-services-and-units

Condicionales en Bash
https://atareao.es/tutorial/scripts-en-bash/condicionales-en-bash/

How to filter systemd logs using journalctl with examples
https://computingforgeeks.com/how-to-filter-systemd-logs-using-journalctl-with-examples/

How to append a line to a file in bash
https://linuxhint.com/bash_append_line_to_file/

15 Practical Examples of ‘echo’ command in Linux
https://www.tecmint.com/echo-command-in-linux/

https://linuxhint.com/use_expansions_shell_script/
How to Use $() and ${} Expansions in a Shell Script

How to run crontab job every minute on a Linux or Unix-like system
https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/run-crontab-job-every-minute-on-linux-unix-bsd/

Error handling in Bash scripts
https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/error-handling-bash-scripting

set
https://ss64.com/bash/set.html

100 Days of DevOps — Day 65-Bash Script to Monitor Service
https://devopslearning.medium.com/100-days-of-devops-day-65-bash-script-to-monitor-service-b7d75a5b2b0d
